Revise Indexing Advisor and Indexing Engine documentation for 3.0 launch (#220)
pganalyze/pganalyze-docs: index-advisor/getting-started.mdx

## How to navigate the insights overview

![Overview of missing index insights](/ia-overview-missing-indexes.png)

> At the top of the overview page you find KPIs that frame the insight

Reviewer: I guess it's an existing issue, but "KPI" may be too niche a term to use here.
```suggestion
At the top of the overview page you find relevant metrics that frame the insight
```

## View all insights for your databases

Insights are listed below and split into two types: Missing indexes and
unused indexes. By default insights are sorted by impact which highlights
the most important items to address.

### Missing indexes

Detects tables that have potential to be improved by adding indexes. Queries
fetch data from tables through different types of scans, and some scans
can be executed more efficiently if appropriate indexes are present. The Index
Advisor attempts to infer what indexes would be helpful for your query workload.
See more details in the [Indexing Engine documentation](/docs/indexing-engine).

> The impact of a missing index insight is measured by weighted cost improvement.

Reviewer: Should we explain what that is?
